examples/vmod_directors_rs/README.md, before:

<!--

   !!!!!!  WARNING: DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!

   This file was generated from the Varnish VMOD source code.
   It will be automatically updated on each build.

-->
# Varnish Module (VMOD) `directors_rs`

Directors VMOD - provides round-robin and fallback directors

```vcl
// Place import statement at the top of your VCL file
// This loads vmod from a standard location
import directors_rs;

// Or load vmod from a specific file
import directors_rs from "path/to/libdirectors_rs.so";
```

### Constructor `directors_rs.round_robin()`

Create a new round-robin director

The round-robin director distributes requests evenly across all
healthy backends in a circular fashion.

#### Method `VOID <object>.add_backend([BACKEND be])`

Add a backend to the director

Backends are selected round-robin among those that are healthy.

#### Method `BACKEND <object>.backend()`

Get the director backend pointer for use in VCL

#### Method `INT <object>.count()`

Get the number of backends in the director

### Constructor `directors_rs.fallback()`

Create a new fallback director

The fallback director returns the first healthy backend in
priority order. Add backends in order of preference.

#### Method `VOID <object>.add_backend([BACKEND be])`

Add a backend to the director

Backends are checked in order - the first healthy one is used.
Add your primary backend first, then fallbacks in order.

#### Method `BACKEND <object>.backend()`

Get the director backend pointer for use in VCL

#### Method `INT <object>.count()`

Get the number of backends in the director

Commit message:

1. Health Probes Testing (native_be VMOD)
  Modified: examples/vmod_native_be/src/lib.rs
  - Extended the backend::new() constructor to accept optional probe parameters:
    - probe_url - Health check endpoint (e.g., "/health")
    - probe_interval - Seconds between probes (default: 5.0)
    - probe_timeout - Timeout in seconds (default: 2.0)
    - probe_window - Sliding window size (default: 8)
    - probe_threshold - Healthy count threshold (default: 3)
    - probe_initial - Initial healthy count (default: same as threshold)

  Created: examples/vmod_native_be/tests/test02_health_probe.vtc
  - Tests backend health probing functionality

  2. Dynamic Backend Removal (directors_rs VMOD)

  Modified: examples/vmod_directors_rs/src/lib.rs
  - Added remove_backend(be: Option<VCL_BACKEND>) -> bool to both:
    - round_robin director
    - fallback director

  Created: examples/vmod_directors_rs/tests/test07_remove_backend.vtc
  - Tests dynamic backend removal during runtime

  API Usage Examples

  Health probes:
  new mybackend = native_be.backend(
      host = "10.0.0.1",
      port = 80,
      probe_url = "/health",
      probe_interval = 5.0,
      probe_timeout = 2.0
  );

  Dynamic backend removal:
  if (req.http.X-Remove-Backend == "true") {
      rr.remove_backend(be1);
  }

examples/vmod_directors_rs/README.md, after:

<!--

   !!!!!!  WARNING: DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!

   This file was generated from the Varnish VMOD source code.
   It will be automatically updated on each build.

-->
# Varnish Module (VMOD) `directors_rs`

Directors VMOD - provides round-robin and fallback directors

```vcl
// Place import statement at the top of your VCL file
// This loads vmod from a standard location
import directors_rs;

// Or load vmod from a specific file
import directors_rs from "path/to/libdirectors_rs.so";
```

### Constructor `directors_rs.round_robin()`

Create a new round-robin director

The round-robin director distributes requests evenly across all
healthy backends in a circular fashion.

#### Method `VOID <object>.add_backend([BACKEND be])`

Add a backend to the director

Backends are selected round-robin among those that are healthy.

#### Method `BOOL <object>.remove_backend([BACKEND be])`

Remove a backend from the director

Returns true if the backend was found and removed, false otherwise.

#### Method `BACKEND <object>.backend()`

Get the director backend pointer for use in VCL

#### Method `INT <object>.count()`

Get the number of backends in the director

### Constructor `directors_rs.fallback()`

Create a new fallback director

The fallback director returns the first healthy backend in
priority order. Add backends in order of preference.

#### Method `VOID <object>.add_backend([BACKEND be])`

Add a backend to the director

Backends are checked in order - the first healthy one is used.
Add your primary backend first, then fallbacks in order.

#### Method `BOOL <object>.remove_backend([BACKEND be])`

Remove a backend from the director

Returns true if the backend was found and removed, false otherwise.

#### Method `BACKEND <object>.backend()`

Get the director backend pointer for use in VCL

#### Method `INT <object>.count()`

Get the number of backends in the director
